br.com.dio/collection/list/ExercicioProposto02.java
 br.com.dio.collection.list.ExercicioProposto02
br.com.dio/collection/map/paraSaberMais/ExemploComparatorMapObjetoObjeto.java
 br.com.dio.collection.map.paraSaberMais.ComparatorDuracaoDisciplina
 br.com.dio.collection.map.paraSaberMais.ComparatorMatriculaAluno
 br.com.dio.collection.map.paraSaberMais.ComparatorNomeAluno
 br.com.dio.collection.map.paraSaberMais.ExemploComparatorMapObjetoObjeto
 br.com.dio.collection.map.paraSaberMais.ExemploComparatorMapObjetoObjeto$1
br.com.dio/collection/map/ExercicioProposto02.java
 br.com.dio.collection.map.ExercicioProposto02
br.com.dio/collection/set/ExercicioProposto01.java
 br.com.dio.collection.set.ExercicioProposto01
br.com.dio/collection/streamAPI/ExemploStream.java
 br.com.dio.collection.streamAPI.ExemploStream
br.com.dio/collection/map/paraSaberMais/Aluno.java
 br.com.dio.collection.map.paraSaberMais.Aluno
br.com.dio/collection/map/exercicioProposto03/ExercicioProposto03.java
 br.com.dio.collection.map.exercicioProposto03.ComparatorOrdemNomeContato
 br.com.dio.collection.map.exercicioProposto03.ComparatorOrdemNumerica
 br.com.dio.collection.map.exercicioProposto03.ExercicioProposto03
 br.com.dio.collection.map.exercicioProposto03.ExercicioProposto03$1
 br.com.dio.collection.map.exercicioProposto03.ExercicioProposto03$2
br.com.dio/collection/set/ExemploOrdenacaoSet.java
 br.com.dio.collection.set.ComparatorNomeGeneroTempoEpisodio
 br.com.dio.collection.set.ExemploOrdenacaoSet
 br.com.dio.collection.set.ExemploOrdenacaoSet$1
 br.com.dio.collection.set.ExemploOrdenacaoSet$2
 br.com.dio.collection.set.Serie
br.com.dio/collection/map/exercicioProposto03/Contato.java
 br.com.dio.collection.map.exercicioProposto03.Contato
br.com.dio/collection/set/ExercicioProposto02.java
 br.com.dio.collection.set.ComparatorAnoDeCriacaoENome
 br.com.dio.collection.set.ComparatorIde
 br.com.dio.collection.set.ComparatorNomeAnoDeCriacaoIde
 br.com.dio.collection.set.ExercicioProposto02
 br.com.dio.collection.set.LinguagemFavorita
br.com.dio/collection/map/paraSaberMais/Disciplina.java
 br.com.dio.collection.map.paraSaberMais.Disciplina
br.com.dio/collection/list/ExemploOrdenacaoList.java
 br.com.dio.collection.list.ComparatorCor
 br.com.dio.collection.list.ComparatorIdade
 br.com.dio.collection.list.ComparatorNomeCorIdade
 br.com.dio.collection.list.ExemploOrdenacaoList
 br.com.dio.collection.list.ExemploOrdenacaoList$1
 br.com.dio.collection.list.Gato
br.com.dio/collection/list/ExemploList.java
 br.com.dio.collection.list.ExemploList
br.com.dio/collection/streamAPI/ExerciciosStreamAPI.java
 br.com.dio.collection.streamAPI.ExerciciosStreamAPI
br.com.dio/collection/map/ExemploOrdenacaoMap.java
 br.com.dio.collection.map.ComparatorNome
 br.com.dio.collection.map.ExemploOrdenacaoMap
 br.com.dio.collection.map.ExemploOrdenacaoMap$1
 br.com.dio.collection.map.ExemploOrdenacaoMap$2
 br.com.dio.collection.map.Livro
br.com.dio/collection/map/ExemploMap.java
 br.com.dio.collection.map.ExemploMap
 br.com.dio.collection.map.ExemploMap$1
 br.com.dio.collection.map.ExemploMap$2
br.com.dio/collection/map/ExercicioProposto01.java
 br.com.dio.collection.map.ExercicioProposto01
 br.com.dio.collection.map.ExercicioProposto01$1
 br.com.dio.collection.map.ExercicioProposto01$2
br.com.dio/collection/set/ExemploSet.java
 br.com.dio.collection.set.ExemploSet
br.com.dio/collection/list/ExercicioProposto01.java
 br.com.dio.collection.list.ExercicioProposto01
br.com.dio/collection/map/paraSaberMais/ExemploComparatorMapObjetoSet.java
 br.com.dio.collection.map.paraSaberMais.ExemploComparatorMapObjetoSet
 br.com.dio.collection.map.paraSaberMais.ExemploComparatorMapObjetoSet$1
br.com.dio/collection/streamAPI/RefatoracaoOrdenacaoMap.java
 br.com.dio.collection.streamAPI.RefatoracaoOrdenacaoMap
 br.com.dio.collection.streamAPI.RefatoracaoOrdenacaoMap$1
 br.com.dio.collection.streamAPI.RefatoracaoOrdenacaoMap$2
